The problem we want to solve is that our mutations always have to run synchronously,
so they have to change the state immediately,
there must not be any asynchronous action or function or method going on. Well we can fix this by putting an
extra piece between our component where we want to trigger something and our mutation where we want to
change the state. This extra piece is an action, an action is basically an extra function where we may run asynchronous
tasks and it's in this action which we dispatch from the component or by the component where we then
commit the mutation and we only commit the mutation once the asynchronous task is done.
This has one major benefit,
we may trigger action in our component, we dispatch it there then we reach out to the server,
it takes a couple of milliseconds or seconds and no change is committed,
the state hasn't been changed yet.
Only once this long taking asynchronous calculation or getter generally function is finished, only at
this point of time
do we then commit the mutation so only then do we change the state in our store.
So all the changes to our state still happen synchronously but with actions, we are still able to execute
some async code before making this change.
Well let's see this in action in the next video.